[Applause]
hey it's Josh again um it's been like
forever since I made a video but I'm
busy really busy um yeah it's none of
your business just kidding I don't know
I moved so much but as you can tell
about her for her doesn't make any sons
but yeah okay look at him
no this is thrown me out so much
completely necessary um yeah I got them
done well actually like in my last video
I mentioned that I was going to like
this tattoo Expo in Chicago so I went to
that and I didn't really plan on getting
it in pierced to be honest but I got
like a really good deal I got like both
my cheeks juiced for like serve under
dollars seventy dollars actually I went
with my mom and her boyfriend and my
brother and myself and we all got
piercings I got my cheeks done obviously
my brother got his snake bites and I
think they're infected cuz there's a
giant pussy disgusting yeah
so I'm so off subject do sales yes show
um stink bites you got snake bites and
my mom got like a dermal anchor like on
her cheek and her boyfriend Alex got his
labert so yeah just update on that
I still haven't taken a mother prank and
the reason for the reason for that is is
because I want to make sure these things
heal up and they're all good to go
before I take this out order yeah wrong
side um
[Music]
you know just as a precaution um so
those are my cheeks
I've had them pierced for like almost a
month now and they're doing pretty good
well there's no more bleeding and they
don't really hurt anymore
sometimes like there'd be like a little
crust but you know it's whatever I
picked up some h2o ssin and I used
biotene alcohol-free mouthwash which is
highly recommended so it's all good and
let's see what else fucking here my hair
is growing a lot not that you care yeah
let's see let's see let's see let's see
um my ear hmm I don't know I'm really
bummed but I have to admit I got a blow
up I got a blow up I've never had a blow
up my entire life never had anything
really bad up into my ears and I got one
and I was devastated and I cried I did
no I did I didn't cry that was really
pissed off and I got a blowout like at
the size I was like I didn't stretch and
then get a blow it and push it out no I
just got a blowout at three fours like
just one day just clitoris on the back
of my ear literally mmm yeah that's
disgusting so yeah so I had to downsize
Oh beforehand I think what happened was
I like my right ear or my left ear
whatever is my good ear so I like it
loosens up quicker and I can just pull
the fly through I don't need to like I
can wear a double flare my right ear is
not so flexible not so elastic so
whereas I could pull this one out no
problem I try doing with this one and I
formed a habit of just yanking this one
out even though it hurt and think what
happened was the flare like pushed its
way push caused the blow trying to push
that fly through anyway so I went to GNC
and I bought a hobo oil which I hear is
like really good for floors and shit and
needless to say it worked like seriously
my blog was
gone in like three days but I I did a
combination of things to cure that I
oops I figure I was gonna say how I
bought all the oil obviously I downsized
to a 5/8 in my right ear and then I did
like the whole like tuck method we're
like because you've downside so much you
can just tuck your blow it in and it's
all good
so I do that yeah but I actually am NOT
like satisfied with one year being 5/8
in the other 3/4 and eventually I wanted
to stretch up so as you can see I'm
taping again um yeah do you love my
extremely homosexual shirt
thought so yeah so that's that just
noted on my ears
I'm dying um like Zulu wood rings
they're like rings I don't know if you
got that in the title but they have
three forests like gauge and they're
like just dangly really really thick
pretty much earrings I guess they're not
really plugs oh and obviously they sent
me the right size in my septum and um
oddly enough I'm stretching it again so
there's really no point and me
complaining about getting the right size
or the wrong size cuz I'm not even
keeping this so it's a waste of money
the what are you gonna do yeah I'm a
Baez your gage pincher actually tonight
when I buy my plugs or my rings whatever
I'm gonna stretch to zero and I'll
probably make a video of that and I plan
on going to double zero if I have the
balls oh yeah so that's that and what
else what else can I talk about and
waste your time I'm moving yeah I'm
moving no more South Carolina
goodbye fucking terrible terrible place
I'm moving back to Minnesota and I'm
moving in with my mom for like a year
I'm gonna pay rent yeah
oh that should be cool moving back up to
Minnesota pretty sight really quickly
want to say I got a piercing
apprenticeship I did I was so fucking
excited because obviously that's what I
want to do and less that I haven't told
you so you don't know but in case you
didn't know what you don't I want to be
a professional piercer so I got an
apprenticeship and I was all excited and
then do do like the fact that you don't
get paid for a apprenticeship yeah I
kind of had to quit because I need rent
money but eventually I will start dog
shut the fuck up yeah but eventually I
will pursue it again and I'll be on my
way so like this is just a really really
really really quick update um nothing
like major
you